## ROCm resolved issues

The following are previously known issues resolved in this release. For resolved issues related to
individual components, review the [Detailed component changes](#detailed-component-changes).

### TransferBench packages not functional

Issue with TransferBench packages not being compiled properly has been fixed. For more information, See [GitHub issue #4081](https://github.com/ROCm/ROCm/issues/4081).

### ROCm Compute Profiler CTest failure in CI

When running the ROCm Compute Profiler (`rocprof-compute`) CTest in the Azure CI environment, the
`rocprof-compute` execution test failed. This issue was due to an outdated test file that was not renamed
(`omniperf` to `rocprof-compute`), and the `ROCM_PATH` environment variable not being set in
the Azure CI environment, resulting in the tool being unable to extract chip information as expected.
This issue has been fixed in the ROCm 6.3.2 release. See [GitHub issue #4085](https://github.com/ROCm/ROCm/issues/4085).

### MIVisionX memory access fault in Canny edge detection

An issue where Canny edge detection kernels accessed out-of-bounds memory locations while
computing gradient intensities on edge pixels has been fixed. This issue was isolated to
Canny-specific use cases on Instinct MI300 series accelerators. See [GitHub issue #4086](https://github.com/ROCm/ROCm/issues/4086).

### AMD VCN instability with rocDecode

A firmware crash on gfx942 devices when AMD Video Core Next (VCN) was used for rocDecode operations has been resolved.